so
can I presume when you toward
the world and you speak with
diplomatic speak with just about
anybody
you you have you can see I don't
put words in your mouth but I'm
asking
where do the laws of physics as
you've come to know them help
you
think about political decisions
social decisions economic
decisions that you make course
they do
yeah and I have always been as a
set to begin with I have always
been grateful that I had a
chance to study physics
and in did my graduate work in
in nuclear physics
and I've had a chance to teach
astronomy even when I was in
and college as an undergraduate
and this has helped me a lot we
go to
so I told you it was a big club
see that something he could
express their economy we have a
lot of our programs
and with unsavory people that
are causing problems
I go every now and then to north
korea we've been talking like to
compensate
with going to cuba for many
years we deal with the
both sides and and should and we
deal with no
a man who's been indicted by the
International Criminal Court in
who's ahead of the government in
Sudan we we deal with the
much you know to try to bring
peace between Israel and
and a palestinian so and we've
been with man gets to choose a
horrible dictator and Ethiopia
so
we go to people to cause
problems perpetrate human rights
crimes
on it create now on unnecessary
war and deal directly with them
and try to induce him
to be better behavior and also
course my background I think in
as you say the gate aspect in
like there's a lot I have to me
in analyzing what goes on in
preparing for